adding observability and otel (#226)
spinkube/documentation: content/en/docs/topics/observing-spinkube.md

---

> title: Observing SpinKube

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Observability in SpinKube

```

Reviewer 2: I liked the former title because it describes an action the user can take, however I recognize that the original title doesn't necessarily reflect what the article walks through - the article discusses how to allow SpinApps to export telemetry data.

What if the title was changed to "Observing your applications"? We can omit "in SpinKube" - that is implied when reading the SpinKube documentation.

Reviewer 2: Or maybe "Monitoring your app" to match the title of the topic guide "Connecting to your app"?

Author: I like "Monitoring your app".

description: How to view telemetry data from your Spin apps running in SpinKube.
weight: 13
---

> This topic guide shows you how to configure SpinKube so your Spin apps export telemetry data to OpenTelemetry collector and Jaeger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic guide shows you how to configure SpinKube so your Spin apps export observability data. This data will export to an OpenTelemetry collector which will send it to Jaeger.
```

## Prerequisites

Please ensure you have the following tools installed before continuing:

- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/) - the Kubernetes CLI
- [Helm](https://helm.sh) - the package manager for Kubernetes

> - [SpinKube](https://www.spinkube.dev/docs/spin-plugin-kube/installation) - the Kubernetes plugin for Spin

Reviewer: I would copy the prerequisites format from [here](https://www.spinkube.dev/docs/topics/using-a-key-value-store/)
